we all
care something about lub
relationships in
dating sexuality
everyone was at some level so
the opportunity to interview
dan Savage who writes a column
advising people on their
relationship McTernan opportune
that energy was all about
his view and what relationships
are what day should be what they
can be what they shouldn't be
if that's all the interview
concert opera you can get that
anywhere
this start
so what we do is we bring into
studio
a woman who's in anthropologist
and expert on the science
relationship
the neurochemistry up
the physiology or gas all love
the
by on physiological factors
that are on the other side of
the relationship cloying
that make it happen panel that
is the conversation that we
we've
that too soon started